hello youtubers this is kings srihead
and thank you for watching this most
bodacious an amazing YouTube video I
just want to say to all the suckers out
there on YouTube in the Internet's who
are going through these patreon sites
and donating to people they don't know
well I decided that I want to sucker
people in sue so just give it your money
if you Dom enough to watch you fall for
this scam just give me your money as
well I promise you I'll give you
absolutely nothing in return for its
I'll just carry on doing the things I
normally do on the internet and just
having a laugh but I don't mind taking
money off stupid people so if you've got
money to burn and you want to give a
complete stranger your money then well
here's my link it underneath the
description you can go to here give
www.patiyer.com give me your money
suckers that's why that's what you can
go to you can just give me your fucking
money and I'll take it off yet no
problem whatsoever so you don't have to
worry about any any problems with
transactions and I'll explain what a
deal on their serve you if you really
are desperate to be the fool on the
internet and so forth for scams like
this then please give me your money I
can't honestly I cannot afford anymore
to live without your money I mean it
would look much better in my hands
didn't yours and you know I'm really
looking forward to buying my new leather
jacket and brand new equipment for the
computer I'm going to computer anyway
but I'm looking forward to all this I'm
looking to you know taking advantage of
people who haven't got a brain cell but
are willing to the part with their money
now remember the phrase guys the fool
and his money are easily be parted so if
you're the fool please you know just go
to that site give me your money suckers
alright I was go part fucking suckers
and Barfoot I was pushing a little bit
too far you know sends a shit dont
don'ts were so I usually use the name
it's in army and so anyway to all the
patreon guys out there you're being
suckered in
you have been drawn into donating to
people you don't know on the internet
and you've never met probably never
spoken to I understand that a few of
them are offering certain things it's
not just like they're taking it but the
vast majority of and let's be honest
even the people everybody who's on that
site is scamming you all right everybody
doesn't matter who they are who you
think they are they're scamming you
you're being scammed
you're the fault and if you are donating
vast amounts of money to these people
then you're the loser you could be doing
a lot better things with that money but
if you're dumb enough you know if your
mama needs dumb people on the Internet
no offense so yeah I have to say what I
think after Saturday's you ask there but
if you are dumb dumb enough and stupid
enough to fall for this scam
please go down to that link and donate
me your money I'll be glad to take off
your hands this is this is the world we
live in we live in the world where
people are now falling for scams they
don't know the fall for scams but they
bloody are that's what it is
patreon.com is a scam all right it's a
very clever scam because they get a bit
of money themselves on it but they fool
people into giving money to people they
don't know in the olden days they used
to send these stupid emails which were
badly written but nowadays YouTube
people can come online and beg people
for money even open up patreon sites and
saying give us your money
they don't say as the way I do I mean
I've wrote something like this I'm a
king and this is Taxation day so fuckers
just give me your money let's be honest
here just like everybody else pretending
to be your friend on here I want your
money in fact it would look much better
in my hands than than yours I can't wait
to spend it on a leather coats and fish
and chip takeaways which is true I
really can't wait to spend your money on
things that I can buy because you
obviously don't have anything to buy
with it maybe you know sometimes you
have to drill the common sense into
people some
terms you have to really come onto
YouTube and rip the piss people might
not like it but this is an educational
video alright it might not be to
everybody's taste but I have a right to
say it
this site is a complete scam alright
some people might not like what I'm
saying but here's complete scam and
people are falling for environment right
left and center now the only people
supporting other people want your money
it's funny how the the people who look
good on the community and now begging
people for money on these sites and
people are for value not be the best
friend if you give me all your money you
know I could just go on that site and
say this is a YouTube holdup or
something like this or I could just
pretend to be a charity or something in
people would fall for it
many different ways of doing it you know
I mean so don't fall for it guys you
know I'm being honest there don't fall
for this crap because you guys are being
suckered into this crap that's going on
on the Internet the moment this is fraud
that's exactly what it is it's fraud now
before all those who think you know this
is completely real you know some of it
is both of you actually do anything
confidence that you won't be donated to
anyone because I'm not you 20 credit
card details and I'm just taking the
piss but I have leaked it I've have like
the patreon site down below just to rip
the piss a bit so I have made the
patreon sites and you know people can
actually donate if so many stupid Elsa
don't a alarm I mean oh they'll get
patron account and put my credit card
details in or maybe I'm lost because I
don't trust any size like these anyway
be good to have the money but you know I
mean go well it don't people have really
really fucking stupid there's no doubt
about it
stupidity seems to be part of YouTube
community right now and people are
falling for scams more and more they
think they can fall for scams but this
is a clever scam you know even girls are
doing this people you can trust people
you think you can trust are using this
smaller sides
anybody is using or begging you for
money in any way on the Internet
don't trust them I don't trust anybody
on the Internet's no hunter
there's people I like on the Internet's
but once they start begging you for
money there's a complete another you
know paradigm involved here some of
these really really after you somehow
you know this this is somebody who's
trying to trick you out of your money
and a thorn there's money or easy the
path parted so that's where the saying
goes and you're falling for sob stories
now I'm not giving you a sob story on
this
I just told what exactly what they think
you know you know it's taxation day I
want the fools to give me their money
just give it give me a money just say
any straightforward because I'm sure
that nobody would actually be that
stupid to fall for that sort of scam but
maybe this some people are stupid I
don't know you know a thank you for
watching and goodbye for now I'll see
you later good man